Fix query.get_description() to work with unicode symbols (#6353)
realm/realm-core: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed
* Fixed handling of non-ASCII characters in file paths. ([#6336](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/6336), since v13.4.0)

> * Fixed handling of utf8 characters in Query strings. ([#6350](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/6350), since forever)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved query descriptions by adding support for printing utf8 characters in strings instead of printing the base 64 equivalent encoding. This makes serialized queries more readable in many cases. ([#6350](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/6350), since forever)
```
